README: de-jargon feature list, fixup (#428)
sigstore/sigstore-python: README.md

## Features

> * Support for keyless Sigstore signature generation and verification,
>   [a la `cosign`](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/openid_signing/)
> * Support for ["ambient" OpenID Connect identities](#signing-with-ambient-credentials)
> * A comprehensive [`sigstore` CLI](#usage) and corresponding
>   [Python API](https://sigstore.github.io/sigstore-python), for programmatic usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for keyless signature generation and verification with [Sigstore](https://www.sigstore.dev/)
* Support for signing with ["ambient" OpenID Connect identities](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python#signing-with-ambient-credentials)
* A comprehensive [CLI](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python#usage) and corresponding
  [importable Python API](https://sigstore.github.io/sigstore-python)
```
Some tweaks. The anchor links will unfortunately not work on the PyPI project page, so those need to be full links.
